feature/Add-Vanity-Domains (#32)
digitonic/passona-sdk: docs/vanity-domains.md

# Vanity Domains

## Explanation

> Vanity domains are shorthand urls that are used in the message template to redirect to a link that is provided into the campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vanity domains are shorthand http links redirecting to external target urls (e.g. http://google.com) and are used to monitor recipient clicks. They are displayed to recipients within the message template body.
```
